Covid Dashboard planning:




PART 1: Metrics and graphs:

	What I want to tell the viewer:
		
		Level: By continent and country: Corelation between extreme poverty rate and and death numbers

		Level: By continent and country: Corelation between extreme poverty rate and the number of vaccinations			. 

		Level: By continent: Corelation between life expectancy rate and number of covid deaths by country. 
			-> There is no correlation between life expectancy and the number of deaths for the population studied.

		Level: By continent: Comparison of proportions: comapre the percantages of cases/population by continent
		Level: By continent and country: Corelation between countries and continent' cardiovascular deaths and covid cases and deaths



	
	Make the following graphs:
		A dashboard which can show data for each continent and filter to show for each country in the continent.
		Separate parallel line charts for first corelation.
 		Find a cover photo
		Think how to make title more appealing
		
		




	Make the following measures:
		1. Weigthed avarage of life expectancy rate and poverty rate by continent according to % of total cont.
		2. Sum of people vaccinated, people who got covid and people who died by continent
		3. Percentage of the population vaccinated.
		4. Percantage of the population who got covid.
		5. Percantage of total cases who died.
		6. Percentage of people who died from cardiovascular disease





PART 2: Buttons and filters:
	
	Make 7 buttons which can act like filters for each continent and an all button.
	 

Final touches:

	1. The title is too big compared to the graphs.
	2. Chang the second chart from population vaccinated vs deaths to people over 69 vs deaths
	3. Replace the analyisis for chart 2 completely. Changed Population Vaccinated vs Total deaths/total Cases with
	Nr of people over 69 years old by continent vs total deaths by continent.
	4. Changed the pie charts with column charts to display the corect amounts. There were multiple mistakes:
		1. Total deaths were displayed as percentage of all continents deaths, not as percentage of deaths per continent.
		2. For total vaccinations instead of total people vaccinated it was displayed the nr of vaccines that a continent had.
